Removed references to Forseti (#548)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation: README.md

### Terraform-validator

> This repo uses [terraform-validator](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-validator) to validate the terraform plans against a Constraint Framework [Policy Library](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/policy-library).

Reviewer: I'm not sure we want to talk about "Constraint Framework" too much publicly. It's not a branded term.

```suggestion
This repo uses [terraform-validator](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-validator) to validate the terraform plans against a [library of GCP policies](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/policy-library).
```
